An Tong, you really have a heart
Meeting that day
Did you pretend like that on purpose?
Give me the wrong plan.
You're just waiting for us to make a fool of ourselves at the fair
To tell you the truth
I already saw through you
I didn't expect you to be so stupid
Don't even change it after getting the plan
Now something goes wrong, you blame me, you
I really underestimated you.
I suggest you leave
It turns out that even if you follow Wang Lei
You can't beat me, I will definitely become the general manager
When I become the general manager
You'll be fine
I will expel your entire team
But what about Xu Zeyu?
You're going to drive him away too
Antou is actually very cold-blooded
Because you only have yourself in your heart
What right do you have to say that?
The moment Xu Ze betrayed me
His life has nothing to do with me anymore
Then why don't you divorce him?
Because it still has a little bit of value.
But he doesn't have it now.
I already have Yang Yijie now.
Oh, I forgot to tell you.
Yang Yijie is rich again
Thoughtful, gentle and handsome
Much stronger than Xu Ziyu
Only you protect Xu Zeyu like a baby
That being the case
Don't pester Brother Li anymore